# CondHclStatus
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "cond.HclStatus"]
**ObjectType** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "cond.HclStatus"]
**AccountMoid** | **String** | The Account ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**CreateTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time when this managed object was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DomainGroupMoid** | **String** | The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ModTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time when this managed object was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Moid** | **String** | The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. | [optional] 
**Owners** | **String[]** |  | [optional] 
**SharedScope** | **String** | Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs. Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a &#39;shared&#39; ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Tags** | [**MoTag[]**](MoTag.md) |  | [optional] 
**VersionContext** | [**MoVersionContext**](MoVersionContext.md) |  | [optional] 
**Var0ClusterReplicationNetworkPolicy** | [**HyperflexClusterReplicationNetworkPolicyRelationship**](HyperflexClusterReplicationNetworkPolicyRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**Ancestors** | [**MoBaseMoRelationship[]**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Parent** | [**MoBaseMoRelationship**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**PermissionResources** | [**MoBaseMoRelationship[]**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DisplayNames** | [**System.Collections.Hashtable**](Array.md) | A set of display names for the MO resource. These names are calculated based on other properties of the MO and potentially properties of Ancestor MOs. Displaynames are intended as a way to provide a normalized user appropriate name for an MO, especially for MOs which do not have a &#39;Name&#39; property, which is the case for much of the inventory discovered from managed targets. There are a limited number of keys, currently &#39;short&#39; and &#39;hierarchical&#39;. The value is an array and clients should use the first element of the array. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ComponentStatus** | **String** | The overall status for the components found in the HCL. This will provide the HCL validation status for all the components. It can be one of the following. &quot;&quot;Validated&quot;&quot; - all the components hardware/software profiles are listed in the HCL. &quot;&quot;Not-Listed&quot;&quot; - one or more components hardware/software profiles are not listed in the HCL &quot;&quot;Incomplete&quot;&quot; - the components are not evaluated as the server&#39;s software/hardware profiles are not listed in the HCL. &quot;&quot;Not-Evaluated&quot;&quot; - The components are not evaluated against the HCL because it is exempted. * &#x60;Incomplete&#x60; - This means we do not have os information in Intersight for this server. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information. * &#x60;Not-Found&#x60; - At HclStatus level, this means that one of the components has failed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that his component&#39;s hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Listed&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that some part of the HCL validation has failed. This could be that either the server&#39;s hardware or software profile was not listed in the HCL or one of the components&#39; hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Validated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that all of the components have passed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that the component&#39;s hardware or software profile was found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Evaluated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level this means that this means that SW or Component status has not been evaluated as the previous evaluation step has not passed yet. At the HclStatusDetail level this means that either HW or SW status has not been evaluted because a previous evaluation step has not passed yet. | [optional] [default to "Incomplete"]
**HardwareStatus** | **String** | The server model, processor and firmware are considered as part of the hardware profile for the server. This will provide the HCL validation status for the hardware profile. For the failure reason see the serverReason property. The status can be one of the following &quot;&quot;Validated&quot;&quot; - The server model, processor and firmware combination is listed in the HCL &quot;&quot;Not-Listed&quot;&quot; - The server model, processor and firmware combination is not listed in the HCL. &quot;&quot;Not-Evaluated&quot;&quot; - The server is not evaluated against the HCL because it is exempted. * &#x60;Incomplete&#x60; - This means we do not have os information in Intersight for this server. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information. * &#x60;Not-Found&#x60; - At HclStatus level, this means that one of the components has failed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that his component&#39;s hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Listed&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that some part of the HCL validation has failed. This could be that either the server&#39;s hardware or software profile was not listed in the HCL or one of the components&#39; hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Validated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that all of the components have passed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that the component&#39;s hardware or software profile was found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Evaluated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level this means that this means that SW or Component status has not been evaluated as the previous evaluation step has not passed yet. At the HclStatusDetail level this means that either HW or SW status has not been evaluted because a previous evaluation step has not passed yet. | [optional] [default to "Incomplete"]
**HclFirmwareVersion** | **String** | The current CIMC version for the server normalized for querying HCL data. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**HclModel** | **String** | The managed object&#39;s model to validate normalized for querying HCL data. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**HclOsVendor** | **String** | The OS Vendor for the managed object to validate normalized for querying HCL data. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**HclOsVersion** | **String** | The OS Version for the managed object to validate normalized for querying HCL data. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**HclProcessor** | **String** | The managed object&#39;s processor to validate if applicable normalized for querying HCL data. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**InvFirmwareVersion** | **String** | The current CIMC version for the server as received from inventory. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**InvModel** | **String** | The managed object&#39;s model to validate as received from the inventory. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**InvOsVendor** | **String** | The OS Vendor for the managed object to validate as received from inventory. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**InvOsVersion** | **String** | The OS Version for the managed object to validate as received from inventory. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**InvProcessor** | **String** | The managed object&#39;s processor to validate if applicable as received from inventory. It is empty if we are missing this information. | [optional] 
**Reason** | **String** | The reason for the HCL status. It will be one of the following &quot;&quot;Missing-Os-Info&quot;&quot; - we are missing os information in the inventory from the device connector &quot;&quot;Incompatible-Components&quot;&quot; - we have 1 or more components with &quot;&quot;Not-Validated&quot;&quot; status &quot;&quot;Compatible&quot;&quot; - all the components have &quot;&quot;Validated&quot;&quot; status. &quot;&quot;Not-Evaluated&quot;&quot; - The server is not evaluated against the HCL because it is exempted. * &#x60;Missing-Os-Info&#x60; - This means the HclStatus for the sever failed HCL validation because we have missing os information. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information. * &#x60;Incompatible-Components&#x60; - This means the HclStatus for the sever failed HCL validation because one or more of its components failed validation. To see why components failed check the related HclStatusDetails. * &#x60;Compatible&#x60; - This means the HclStatus for the sever has passed HCL validation for all of its related components. * &#x60;Not-Evaluated&#x60; - This means the HclStatus for the sever has not been evaluated because it is exempted. | [optional] [default to "Missing-Os-Info"]
**ServerReason** | **String** | The reason generated by the server&#39;s HCL validation. For HCL the evaluation can be seen in three logical stages 1. Evaluate the server&#39;s hardware status 2. Evaluate the server&#39;s software status 3. Evaluate the server&#39;s components (each component has its own hardware/software evaluation) The evaluation does not proceed to the next stage until the previous stage is evaluated. Therefore there can be only one validation reason. &quot;&quot;Incompatible-Server&quot;&quot; - the server model is not listed in the HCL. &quot;&quot;Incompatible-Processor&quot;&quot; - the server model and processor combination is not listed in HCL. &quot;&quot;Incompatible-Firmware&quot;&quot; - the server model, processor and server firmware is not listed in HCL. &quot;&quot;Missing-Os-Info&quot;&quot; - the os vendor and version is not listed in HCL with the HW profile. &quot;&quot;Incompatible-Os-Info&quot;&quot; - the os vendor and version is not listed in HCL with the HW profile. &quot;&quot;Incompatible-Components&quot;&quot; - there is one or more components with &quot;&quot;Not-Validated&quot;&quot; status &quot;&quot;Service-Unavailable&quot;&quot; - HCL data service is unavailable at the moment (try again later). &quot;&quot;Compatible&quot;&quot; - the server and all its components are validated. &quot;&quot;Not-Evaluated&quot;&quot; - The server is not evaluated against the HCL because it is exempted. * &#x60;Missing-Os-Driver-Info&#x60; - The validation failed becaue the given server has no OS driver information available in the inventory. Either install UCS Tools VIB on the host ESXi or use OS Discovery Tool scripts to provide proper OS information. * &#x60;Incompatible-Server&#x60; - The validation failed for this server because the server&#39;s model was not listed in the HCL. * &#x60;Incompatible-Processor&#x60; - The validation failed because the given processor was not listed for the given server model. * &#x60;Incompatible-Os-Info&#x60; - The validation failed because the given OS vendor or version was not listed in HCL for the server PID and processor combination. * &#x60;Incompatible-Firmware&#x60; - The validation failed because the given server firmware was not listed in the HCL for the given server PID, processor, OS vendor and version. * &#x60;Service-Unavailable&#x60; - The validation has failed because HCL data service is temporarily not available. The server will be re-evaluated once HCL data service is back online or finished importing new HCL data. * &#x60;Service-Error&#x60; - The validation has failed because the HCL data service has returned a service error or unrecognized result. * &#x60;Not-Evaluated&#x60; - This means the HclStatus for the sever has not been evaluated because it is exempted. * &#x60;Incompatible-Components&#x60; - The validation has failed for this server because one or more components have &quot;&quot;Not-Listed&quot;&quot; status. * &#x60;Compatible&#x60; - The validation has passed for this server&#39;s model, processor, OS vendor and version. | [optional] [default to "Missing-Os-Driver-Info"]
**SoftwareStatus** | **String** | The OS vendor and version are considered part of the software profile for the server. This will provide the HCL validation status for the software profile. For the failure reason see the serverReason property. The status can be be one of the following &quot;&quot;Validated&quot;&quot; - The os vendor/version is listed in the HCL for the server model, processor and firmware &quot;&quot;Not-Listed&quot;&quot; - The os vendor/version is not listed in the HCL for the server model, processor and firmware &quot;&quot;Incomplete&quot;&quot; - The inventory is missing os vendor/version and HCL validation was not performed. &quot;&quot;Not-Evaluated&quot;&quot; - The server is not evaluated against the HCL because it is exempted. * &#x60;Incomplete&#x60; - This means we do not have os information in Intersight for this server. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information. * &#x60;Not-Found&#x60; - At HclStatus level, this means that one of the components has failed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that his component&#39;s hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Listed&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that some part of the HCL validation has failed. This could be that either the server&#39;s hardware or software profile was not listed in the HCL or one of the components&#39; hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Validated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that all of the components have passed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that the component&#39;s hardware or software profile was found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Evaluated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level this means that this means that SW or Component status has not been evaluated as the previous evaluation step has not passed yet. At the HclStatusDetail level this means that either HW or SW status has not been evaluted because a previous evaluation step has not passed yet. | [optional] [default to "Incomplete"]
**Status** | **String** | The HCL compatibility status of the managed object. The status can be one of the following &quot;&quot;Incomplete&quot;&quot; - there is no enough information to evaluate against the HCL data &quot;&quot;Validated&quot;&quot; - all components have been evaluated against the HCL and they all have &quot;&quot;Validated&quot;&quot; status &quot;&quot;Not-Listed&quot;&quot; - all components have been evaluated against the HCL and one or more have &quot;&quot;Not-Listed&quot;&quot; status. &quot;&quot;Not-Evaluated&quot;&quot; - server is not evaluated against the HCL because it is exempted. * &#x60;Incomplete&#x60; - This means we do not have os information in Intersight for this server. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information. * &#x60;Not-Found&#x60; - At HclStatus level, this means that one of the components has failed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that his component&#39;s hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Listed&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that some part of the HCL validation has failed. This could be that either the server&#39;s hardware or software profile was not listed in the HCL or one of the components&#39; hardware or software profile was not found in the HCL. * &#x60;Validated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level, this means that all of the components have passed validation. At HclStatusDetail level, this means that the component&#39;s hardware or software profile was found in the HCL. * &#x60;Not-Evaluated&#x60; - At the HclStatus level this means that this means that SW or Component status has not been evaluated as the previous evaluation step has not passed yet. At the HclStatusDetail level this means that either HW or SW status has not been evaluted because a previous evaluation step has not passed yet. | [optional] [default to "Incomplete"]
**Details** | [**CondHclStatusDetailRelationship[]**](CondHclStatusDetailRelationship.md) | An array of relationships to condHclStatusDetail resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ManagedObject** | [**InventoryBaseRelationship**](InventoryBaseRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**RegisteredDevice** | [**AssetDeviceRegistrationRelationship**](AssetDeviceRegistrationRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$CondHclStatus = Initialize-IntersightCondHclStatus  -ClassId null `
 -ObjectType null `
 -AccountMoid null `
 -CreateTime null `
 -DomainGroupMoid null `
 -ModTime null `
 -Moid null `
 -Owners null `
 -SharedScope null `
 -Tags null `
 -VersionContext null `
 -Var0ClusterReplicationNetworkPolicy null `
 -Ancestors null `
 -Parent null `
 -PermissionResources null `
 -DisplayNames null `
 -ComponentStatus null `
 -HardwareStatus null `
 -HclFirmwareVersion null `
 -HclModel null `
 -HclOsVendor null `
 -HclOsVersion null `
 -HclProcessor null `
 -InvFirmwareVersion null `
 -InvModel null `
 -InvOsVendor null `
 -InvOsVersion null `
 -InvProcessor null `
 -Reason null `
 -ServerReason null `
 -SoftwareStatus null `
 -Status null `
 -Details null `
 -ManagedObject null `
 -RegisteredDevice null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$CondHclStatus | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

