# KubernetesObjectMeta
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "kubernetes.ObjectMeta"]
**ObjectType** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "kubernetes.ObjectMeta"]
**CreationTimestamp** | **String** | CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC. Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Name** | **String** | Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Read-only. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Namespace** | **String** | Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the &quot;&quot;default&quot;&quot; namespace, but &quot;&quot;default&quot;&quot; is the canonical representation. Read-only. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ResourceVersion** | **String** | Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. | [optional] 
**Uuid** | **String** | UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations. Populated by the system. Read-only. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$KubernetesObjectMeta = Initialize-IntersightKubernetesObjectMeta  -ClassId null `
 -ObjectType null `
 -CreationTimestamp null `
 -Name null `
 -Namespace null `
 -ResourceVersion null `
 -Uuid null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$KubernetesObjectMeta | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

