# WorkflowTaskInfoAllOf
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "workflow.TaskInfo"]
**ObjectType** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "workflow.TaskInfo"]
**Description** | **String** | The task description and this is the description that was added when the task was included into the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**EndTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time stamp when the task reached a final state. | [optional] [readonly] 
**FailureReason** | **String** | Description of the reason why the task failed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**VarInput** | [**AnyType**](.md) | The input data that was sent to the task at the start of execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**InstId** | **String** | The instance ID of the task running in the workflow engine. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Internal** | **Boolean** | Denotes whether or not this is an internal task.  Internal tasks will be hidden from the UI within a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Label** | **String** | User friendly short label to describe this task instance in the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Message** | [**WorkflowMessage[]**](WorkflowMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**Name** | **String** | Task definition name which specifies the task type. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Output** | [**AnyType**](.md) | The output data that was generated by this task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RefName** | **String** | The task reference name to ensure its unique inside a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RetryCount** | **Int64** | A counter for number of retries. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RollbackDisabled** | **Boolean** | The task is disabled/enabled for rollback operation in this workflow if the task has rollback support. | [optional] [readonly] [default to $false]
**RunningInstId** | **String** | The instance ID of the task that is currently being executed. When retrying a workflow with failed tasks, the task in workflow engine will have a new instance ID, but the task may still be in-progress. In this case, the task instId reflects the instance ID in the workflow engine, while runningInstId reflects the instance ID of the instance that is currently being executed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**StartTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time stamp when the task started execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Status** | **String** | The status of the task and this will specify if the task is running or has reached a final state. | [optional] 
**TaskInstIdList** | [**WorkflowTaskRetryInfo[]**](WorkflowTaskRetryInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**SubWorkflowInfo** | [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaskDefinition** | [**WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship**](WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**WorkflowInfo** | [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$WorkflowTaskInfoAllOf = Initialize-IntersightWorkflowTaskInfoAllOf  -ClassId null `
 -ObjectType null `
 -Description null `
 -EndTime null `
 -FailureReason null `
 -VarInput null `
 -InstId null `
 -Internal null `
 -Label null `
 -Message null `
 -Name null `
 -Output null `
 -RefName null `
 -RetryCount null `
 -RollbackDisabled null `
 -RunningInstId null `
 -StartTime null `
 -Status null `
 -TaskInstIdList null `
 -SubWorkflowInfo null `
 -TaskDefinition null `
 -WorkflowInfo null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$WorkflowTaskInfoAllOf | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

