# WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "workflow.TaskInfo"]
**ObjectType** | **String** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "workflow.TaskInfo"]
**Moid** | **String** | The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. | [optional] 
**Selector** | **String** | An OData $filter expression which describes the REST resource to be referenced. This field may be set instead of &#39;moid&#39; by clients. 1. If &#39;moid&#39; is set this field is ignored. 1. If &#39;selector&#39; is set and &#39;moid&#39; is empty/absent from the request, Intersight determines the Moid of the resource matching the filter expression and populates it in the MoRef that is part of the object instance being inserted/updated to fulfill the REST request. An error is returned if the filter matches zero or more than one REST resource. An example filter string is: Serial eq &#39;3AA8B7T11&#39;. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Link** | **String** | A URL to an instance of the &#39;mo.MoRef&#39; class. | [optional] 
**AccountMoid** | **String** | The Account ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**CreateTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time when this managed object was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DomainGroupMoid** | **String** | The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ModTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time when this managed object was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Owners** | **String[]** |  | [optional] 
**SharedScope** | **String** | Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs. Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a &#39;shared&#39; ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Tags** | [**MoTag[]**](MoTag.md) |  | [optional] 
**VersionContext** | [**MoVersionContext**](MoVersionContext.md) |  | [optional] 
**Var0ClusterReplicationNetworkPolicy** | [**HyperflexClusterReplicationNetworkPolicyRelationship**](HyperflexClusterReplicationNetworkPolicyRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**Ancestors** | [**MoBaseMoRelationship[]**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Parent** | [**MoBaseMoRelationship**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**PermissionResources** | [**MoBaseMoRelationship[]**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DisplayNames** | [**System.Collections.Hashtable**](Array.md) | A set of display names for the MO resource. These names are calculated based on other properties of the MO and potentially properties of Ancestor MOs. Displaynames are intended as a way to provide a normalized user appropriate name for an MO, especially for MOs which do not have a &#39;Name&#39; property, which is the case for much of the inventory discovered from managed targets. There are a limited number of keys, currently &#39;short&#39; and &#39;hierarchical&#39;. The value is an array and clients should use the first element of the array. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Description** | **String** | The task description and this is the description that was added when the task was included into the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**EndTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time stamp when the task reached a final state. | [optional] [readonly] 
**FailureReason** | **String** | Description of the reason why the task failed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**VarInput** | [**AnyType**](.md) | The input data that was sent to the task at the start of execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**InstId** | **String** | The instance ID of the task running in the workflow engine. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Internal** | **Boolean** | Denotes whether or not this is an internal task.  Internal tasks will be hidden from the UI within a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Label** | **String** | User friendly short label to describe this task instance in the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Message** | [**WorkflowMessage[]**](WorkflowMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**Name** | **String** | Task definition name which specifies the task type. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Output** | [**AnyType**](.md) | The output data that was generated by this task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RefName** | **String** | The task reference name to ensure its unique inside a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RetryCount** | **Int64** | A counter for number of retries. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RollbackDisabled** | **Boolean** | The task is disabled/enabled for rollback operation in this workflow if the task has rollback support. | [optional] [readonly] [default to $false]
**RunningInstId** | **String** | The instance ID of the task that is currently being executed. When retrying a workflow with failed tasks, the task in workflow engine will have a new instance ID, but the task may still be in-progress. In this case, the task instId reflects the instance ID in the workflow engine, while runningInstId reflects the instance ID of the instance that is currently being executed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**StartTime** | **System.DateTime** | The time stamp when the task started execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Status** | **String** | The status of the task and this will specify if the task is running or has reached a final state. | [optional] 
**TaskInstIdList** | [**WorkflowTaskRetryInfo[]**](WorkflowTaskRetryInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**SubWorkflowInfo** | [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaskDefinition** | [**WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship**](WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**WorkflowInfo** | [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship = Initialize-IntersightWorkflowTaskInfoRelationship  -ClassId null `
 -ObjectType null `
 -Moid null `
 -Selector null `
 -Link null `
 -AccountMoid null `
 -CreateTime null `
 -DomainGroupMoid null `
 -ModTime null `
 -Owners null `
 -SharedScope null `
 -Tags null `
 -VersionContext null `
 -Var0ClusterReplicationNetworkPolicy null `
 -Ancestors null `
 -Parent null `
 -PermissionResources null `
 -DisplayNames null `
 -Description null `
 -EndTime null `
 -FailureReason null `
 -VarInput null `
 -InstId null `
 -Internal null `
 -Label null `
 -Message null `
 -Name null `
 -Output null `
 -RefName null `
 -RetryCount null `
 -RollbackDisabled null `
 -RunningInstId null `
 -StartTime null `
 -Status null `
 -TaskInstIdList null `
 -SubWorkflowInfo null `
 -TaskDefinition null `
 -WorkflowInfo null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

